CASMINST-7431 IUF : Update release notes for CSM 1.7 (#6206)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: RELEASE_NOTES.md

### Automation improvements

> * IUF now supports customized images and CFS configuration for rebuilding nodes during 'management-nodes-rollout' stage. See [management-nodes-rollout](operations/iuf/workflows/management_rollout.md#note-for-csm-v170) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* IUF now supports customized images and CFS configurations for rebuilding nodes during the 'management-nodes-rollout' stage.
  See [`management-nodes-rollout`](operations/iuf/workflows/management_rollout.md#note-for-csm-v170) for further information.
```

> * IUF can now reboot NCNs worker and storage nodes without rebuild. Please refer to the [Reboot NCNs with IUF](operations/node_management/Reboot_NCNs_iuf.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* IUF can now reboot worker and storage NCNs without rebuilding them. See
  [Reboot NCNs with IUF](operations/node_management/Reboot_NCNs_iuf.md) for more information.
```

### Automation improvements

* IUF now supports customized images and CFS configurations for rebuilding nodes during the 'management-nodes-rollout' stage.
  See [`management-nodes-rollout`](operations/iuf/workflows/management_rollout.md#note-for-csm-v170) for further information.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For a full list of known issues, see [Known issues](troubleshooting/README.md#known-issues).

### Security vulnerability exceptions in CSM 1.7

> ### All Resolved Issues

Reviewer: I am pretty sure this is meant to be a level 2 header, with all of the following content as subsections of it. Otherwise this is just an empty section being added.

```suggestion
## All resolved issues
```

> ### All Resolved Issues
> 

Reviewer: Why are we adding an empty section?
```suggestion
```

> ### All Resolved Issues
> 

Reviewer: Why are we adding an empty section?
```suggestion
```
